hey guys Mark here in this video I'm
going to show you how to make high
converting ads for your brand and drop
shipping business that have made me over
$542,000 the biggest mistake that I see
people make is actually twofold the
first biggest mistake that they make is
they try to reinvent the wheel right and
this is one of the worst things that you
can do because if you're just starting
out you want to minimize the variables
that you have that are keeping you from
making money and one of those variables
is trying to just make ads that you
think are going to convert don't think
okay you want to look at what is already
working and simply add your own unique
twist to it right take the concepts that
are already working for other people and
then make them work for yourself and the
second mistake that I see people make
that just drives me crazy is they try to
rip content meaning they'll finding ads
and Performing and they'll literally
steal it one for one now this is a
terrible terrible strategy because
dating all the way back to when Facebook
ads starts if you rip somebody's content
Facebook will be able to tell they save
something on your ad called metadata and
metadata is specific data associated
with the image or video ad that you're
running so Facebook sees that you stole
somebody's ad all they'll do is shut
down your ad account reject the ad or
worse just completely restrict you from
advertising altogether and now fast
forward the 2025 they're using AI to do
this as well so even if you try to get
around the metadata policies if they see
that you're using stolen content it's
just a terrible way to get your brand
off the ground and you're putting
yourself at a lot of risk so what we're
going to do instead is a simple four
step process to create winning ads okay
step number one is going to be to swipe
and what swiping is is simply finding a
pre-existing creative that you can
already prove with data is converting at
scale right you don't want to reinvent
the wheels you want to take the concept
of ads that are already working and
simply apply those to your brand the
Second Step that you're going to do is
actually script the ad this is probably
the most important thing when it comes
to making high converting ads is the
script meaning the hook the body and the
call to action every single ad in the
history a planet earth has those three
elements that you can break them down
into sub elements but every single one
has a hook which is the first 3 to 5
Seconds of the ad there's the body
section and then there's a call to
action to actually get people to click
so that's going to be the second step
the third step is going to be to Source
right and this is when you actually get
the content that you need in order to
put the ad together because if you just
have a script you need to match that
with video or image content using either
AI or using actual real content out on
the internet in order to create your
high converting ad and then after you
have all those pieces you just want to
put it all together and actually edit
the ad to Perfection and if you want to
add a little bonus step here it's just a
freaking scale like as soon as you have
that winning ad you start to see some
good data spend more money run more ads
so I'm going to walk you through my
entire process step byep over the
shoulder so you can see what I'm
personally doing with me and my team
just to pump out you know 20 30
creatives minimum per week per Drop
Shipping business that I'm currently
running right now so let's start with
step number one which is swipe the whole
purpose of swiping is to find something
that's already converting so that you
can model it and to create your own
script from it and so the criteria that
you really want to look for is number
one you want to make sure that the brand
that you're actually modeling is doing
at least like 300,000 visits per month
to their website this means that the
brand is validated the product is
validated the market is validated and
most importantly the ad is validated now
in order to find how many visits a brand
is doing per month you can use an
extension like similar web what I got
right up here in order to actually prove
how many visitors are visiting that
store so what I'm going to do is I'm
actually going to hop into one of my
favorite tools called get hooked it's
actually a software that I've built over
the past year that I use internally and
you guys can get completely full access
to it for free for 14 days if you just
click the first link in the description
all right so we're here inside of get
hooked what you want to do is navigate
to the explore section and you'll see
over here on the left there's all of
these filters that you can use so the
explor section is basically like the
Facebook ads library but on steroids
because you can add all these filters so
only find the ads that you can prove are
actually winning right now so let me
show you the filters that I like to use
under performance you're going to select
winning so that these are only the ads
that are currently winning for the
brands under ad format we're going to
select the video under status we only
want to collect ads that are still
running because we don't want to find
old ads that are not proven that are
selling right now in this moment we want
to find ads that are only running right
now under Niche we're going to keep that
empty runtime these ads have to be
running for a minimum of 7 days next
under language we're simply going to
select English now under platform you
want to select Facebook Instagram and
Tik Tok ads I'm not interested in
organic content at this point because
having a piece of organic content and
paid content that converts two
completely separate things under start
date you can leave that empty under
creative usage I want to select five and
what this means is how many ads in the
ad Library are actually using that exact
creative because if it's just one
creative in the ad Library that's not
really proven but if a competitor is
using this ad over and over and over
again you can assume that this is
probably an ad that's actually getting a
sufficient amount of spend next under
video length I want to Select 1 to 3
minutes now again guys I'm going through
these filters as this I was doing it
myself you can play around with all
these these are not you know hard and
fast rules that you have to follow 100%
of the time but these are just ones that
I like to set up in order to find the
best ads possible now that we have all
the filters set up I'm going to just
continue to scroll down this line until
I see a product or a an ad that really
catches my eye okay so I'm just going to
spend some time scrolling here scrolling
scrolling scrolling until I see one that
I know for a fact is proven based off of
a series of metrics and I'm going to
tell you what those metrics are in just
one second so this add right here by TR
Spartan actually caught my eye so I'm
going to click details right here and
this is one of the coolest things about
get hooked is that you can actually see
all the details about this ad you can
see the ad copy you can see the creative
itself you can see um you can download
the ad if you want the ad copy
everything is here that you could
possibly need even the transcript right
so here's the full transcript of the ad
now I'll just play you know the first
you know 5 to 10 seconds of this ad so
you guys can get an idea for what's
being sold here how is it that
celebrities like Elton John Kevin Cosner
or Joe Buck seem to have perfect hair
well into their 50s and 60s is it
genetics so there's the hook right there
obviously very strong because this Hook
is using something called uh familiarity
buys which is where you're actually
referencing and leveraging The
credibility of other people for your own
brand because people can immediately
identify with these celebrities and it
just helps them understand exactly what
the product is that's being sold and the
problem that's being solved now this is
really important another reason that I
say that this ad is winning is because
if you hover over right here you can see
how many ads are currently active in the
ad library of this competitor so in this
case it's
929 current winning active ads your kpi
that you're looking for here is at least
30 so in this case we're like well over
10x the kpi so this is a winning ad we
can prove it and it's it's currently
being spent at a high budget for this
particular competitor now one of my
favorite Parts about get hooked is that
you can actually spy on competitors and
understand exactly the top angles that
they are using to be successful so let
me show you how to do that what you can
do is navigate over to Brand spy and I
already saved this brand right here Tri
Spartan and look you can see over the
past few months they have tested
4,924 ads so if you're sitting back and
you're like Mark I'm trying to make this
Ecom thing work I can't make it work
blah blah blah blah guess what you're
not testing enough creative this is your
competition right here tested almost
5,000 ads okay I say this constantly but
the whole winning product thing it's so
irrelevant if you want a competitive
Advantage compete on creatives because
this guy right here this brand is your
competition now I'm not saying that you
need to go and test 5,000 ads I'm just
putting it in perspective right Drop
Shipping exists this in this weird
vacuum where you're just convinced that
the only way to be successful is a
product with that's clearly not entirely
true with this brand here you can see
they they've just been testing creatives
like crazy and when you look at the
trend of ads launch in the past four
months you always want to see this going
up right and if I were to draw some TR
some kind of like linear regression line
here they're constantly increasing the
number of creatives that they are
testing every single month I'm filming
this on January 22nd and they filmed
1,00 ads just this month so they are
clearly scaling which is a good very
very good sign you can also see the top
landing pages that they're sending
traffic to and my personal favorite is
the the hook so what you can do is you
can actually see all the top hooks that
this brand is currently running and how
long they've been running so typically a
lot of times the the hooks that have
been running for a longer period of time
those are the most proven and validated
hooks that you can use so we're going to
use all of this for inspiration in the
future and if you want to see all the
ads as well you can always just scroll
down and see all the ads for this
particular brand now at this point if we
go back to our checklist right our goal
was to find an ad that we can prove is
currently selling at a high volume and
one of the ways to do that is to make
sure number one that the brand is
validated itself so we want to see at
least 300,000 visits per month for this
particular brand so what you can do is
click on any of the landing pages that
this brand is running traffic to and
just pop open your similar web extension
you can see that number one holy [__]
like these guys are scaling incredibly
aggressively they went from 41,000
visits in a single month all the way to
over 600,000
visitors now you can kind of estimate
like the level of Revenue that they're
doing based off their visitors um it's
not always a one toone like dollar to
visitor ratio but typically it's
anywhere from like a 0.5 to 2x ratio in
terms of their monthly Revenue so these
guys are clearly clearly validated the
brand is is doing really well and my God
are they [__] scaling aggressively
like this is a really good sign for us
because we're looking at the brands that
are already validated the ads that are
already validated so what I want to do
is I'm actually going to go back to that
ad here and I actually want to analyze
this with you because when it comes to
making winning ads like I said in the
intro there's really three elements to a
winning ad right you have the hook you
have the body and you have the call to
action but what most people don't talk
about is actually how to create those
those hooks bodies and call the actions
and why they're successful in the first
place and guys look if I were to put
this in perspective to you the number
one most impactful thing in the success
of your ads is your creatives and 90% of
the success of your creative it's the
hook right so this right here is like
90% of your success so when it comes to
like writing and creating new apps from
scratch you want to put the far majority
of the effort that you're putting into
it on the hook that is where you should
be spending your time it's like the
headline of a salesletter or the lead of
a vssl it's by far the most important
part of the ad because if you don't get
them hooked if you don't get them in in
the first uh initial part of the ad
you're going to lose them okay and so
your job is to as aggressively as
possible capture their interest capture
their desire in the first you know 3 to
10ish seconds it kind of depends of the
ad so let me break it down for you when
it comes to making a hook right the hook
is the first 3 to 5 Seconds of an ad but
what most people don't realize is that
there's three elements to the hook right
you have the copy itself which is you
know basically the script right it's
typically the first one to two sentences
of a winning app so the hook in this
case lasts around 8 seconds okay so it's
not always the first 3 to 5 Seconds of
the ad but in this case it's the first 8
seconds right but that's just the copy
now the second part of the hook is going
to be what I call the the actual video
so a lot of people call this the scroll
stopper as well but the hook which is
made up of these three elements it is an
audio visual experience which means
there's the visual aspect which is going
to be the text overlay in the video
that's on the screen as well as the
audio which is going to be the copy
portion that's actually read out loud as
well as the third part of the ad which
is of course the audio so this is if
it's being uh you know voiced over by
you know a voiceover actor or if you're
using AI whatever it is these the three
elements of a creative and if I were to
Rite these number one most important is
going to be the copy that's why right
after this I'm actually going to show
you how to script the ad from scratch
because if you don't get the copyright
if you don't get the script right
everything else is going to fail even
the most perfect scroll stopper like the
most perfect video in the first 3 to 5
Seconds of the ad it's never going to
make up for bad copy okay and again this
is why we're not Reinventing the wheel
we're finding a successful ad we're
swiping it and then we're rewriting it
based off of proven mechanisms now if
the hook Hook is 90% of the success of
the ad then the other 10% which again it
sounds pretty crazy like 10% of the ad
is like actually 90% of the actual
content but the Hook is so freaking
crucial guys I can't even state it
enough you need to be extremely creative
and aggressive with getting people's
attention in that first 3 to 5 seconds I
I'll show you how to do that in just a
second but I just want to make sure that
principal get through your head and then
the other uh 10% is going to be the body
of the ad followed by at the very end of
course like the call the action now it's
pretty difficult to mess up the call the
action the body can be a little tricky
but let me actually show you how to
shortcut this entire process so that you
can do it from scratch after you have
this ad saved within get hooked what
you're going to do is scroll to the very
top and select use for breef so this
feature basically will take an existing
ad and it's actually going to walk you
through the steps of rewriting the ad
rewriting the transcript here as you can
see to the right and using it for your
specific product now very important
caveat here if you're selling let's say
a a beauty product right this product in
this case is a you know hair growth
product you do not have to swipe an ad
that is like direct competition for
example a lot of times I find like new
winning ads and new winning angles based
off of competition in horizontal
Industries horizontal markets what I
mean by that is if I were selling like a
pet product for example you can swipe
from the health industry you can swipe
from the the beauty industry you can
swipe from the pain relief industry it
doesn't really matter because the
concepts are typically still the same in
fact a lot of times I'll find new
winning ads I'll create new winning ads
because I'm not just obsessed with my
own Market I'm willing to go outside of
what everybody else is doing and
actually swipe from completely different
Industries I think that's a huge
competitive advantage that not a lot of
people do so we're going to select use
for brief right here can select whatever
folder you want a part of and select
done now the cool part about get hooked
is that it's going to take you through
this whole process of rewriting this ad
for your particular product now in this
case I don't have a product that I'm
actually trying to sell so I'm just
going to make up one just a standard
Drop Shipping product that you guys have
probably heard before and the product
that I'm going to use is going to be
this poor cleaning vacuum now what I'm
not going to do again because I talk
about this all the time you don't want
to enter like a a super saturated market
and sell the same way with the same
angle to the same people so in order to
sell this to a different group of people
I'm going to use a different angle
instead of using this product to like
get rid of blackheads for example I'm
going to specifically Target women that
are a little bit older and they're
dealing with hormonal acne going through
menopause so this is typically women
between the ages of like 45 and 60
generally like menopause and perom
menopause because a lot of women will
actually get acne as they get older
which is really frustrating but because
of what's going on during menopause all
the hormones are completely just out of
whack which often times causes acne so
that's a unique angle that I'm going to
use for this particular product and I
think it's a fantastic Market to go
after all right so I just wrote a few
sentences here for the product
description the target onions so the
brand is meno Beauty poor cleaner Pro
women struggling with hormonal ACL
during menopause ages 45 to 65 for the
product description I would recommend
writing at least three sentences here
but again with AI anytime you're using
it and if you want to get the best
results the more data points you can
give it the more inputs you can give it
the better your output is going to be so
I ended up writing I think around like
five sentences here specifically
targeting women going through menopause
who are struggling with hormonal acne
okay so what I'm going to do is keep the
creative score rate at 7 if the cool
part is like if you want to make this ad
highly highly creative and get a little
bit more away from the transcript you
can simply adjust a slider right here
but let's stick with 0.7 it's usually a
good place to start and we're just going
to hit WR script now while this is
writing the script what it's doing is
pulling the existing transcript and
rewriting it based off the inputs that
you gave it now the cool part here is
that again you're not Reinventing the
wheel you're taking a a script an ad
that is already proven to convert and
you're simply rewriting it with your
target market and your product
description in mind so as you can see
that was really fast actually because
typically like the longer they add the
more uh time it takes but that was very
very quick so we have the hook right
here how is it that women like Helen Mir
Michelle Obama and Jane sear have such
Radiance clear skin during menopause is
it magic is it expensive treatments or
is it a secret they haven't yet shared
right really really cool hook and if
you're like uh not really fan of that
hook you can just click this button
right here and you have three other
hooks that you can choose from I think
this one is pretty good because it's
referencing the exact person within our
existing target market notice how it
didn't say like you want to have skin
like Elden sha or Kevin ker because that
obviously would not Market the Avatar
that we're going after but here it kept
it the exact same and same thing with
the body here well most of all are left
battling with stubborn acting and uneven
skin you might have notice that some
women appearing everything okay I'm not
going to read the entire thing but as
you can see it rewrote the entire script
and that took maybe you know 20 or 30
seconds to go through the whole thing so
this is super super awesome it's a
really fast tool and if at any point if
you don't like anything even the hooks
you can just hit regenerate and it'll
recreate the body based off the inputs
that you already gave it so if there's
ever point where you don't like how the
ad sounds or the script you can simply
regenerate it and it'll take another
probably 20 well never mind it goes as
fast as that and the cool part is like I
said here there's this create creative
score section here so if you want to
make an ad more creative and you want to
deviate more so from the input that you
gave it you can simply slide this slider
up right so let's test it out at a 1.0
instead of at a 7 and you'll notice
it'll get more creative it'll Venture
away from the existing script that we
gave it in the first place so as you can
see the hook is now just a little bit
different right it's not mentioning
those specific characters like that
initial one did I actually like the
original one better so I'm going to
bring that right back to 0.7 I really
love the idea of referencing celebrities
that our target market also looks up to
cuz you're basically creating this
feeling inside the prospect of status
because they now comparing themselves to
these figures that are the people that
they really look up to all right so what
I'm going to do now is I'm going to copy
this entire script and throw it into a
little Google doc so I can see it all
together and read it out loud all right
so now we have the full uh transcript
right here now you'll notice Mark holy
[__] this is like a pretty [__] long
script and yeah that's because it's
modeling the example that we gave it if
we inputed you know 45C ad script as a
swipe then it's going to do the exact
same thing but with a 45C ad in this
case this was more so of a vssl ad right
it ended up being around 2 minutes but
now we have the full transcript right
here now there's a really really
important step here that I want you to
to keep in mind anytime that like if you
were to go learn copywriting from some
of the best copywriters in history what
they'll tell you is that actually
writing copy is typically the easy part
right it's all like the creative side of
your brain the right side of your brain
and you're just kind of flowing onto the
paper what they what they really
emphasize is that the real work is done
in the copy chiefing and the copy
chiefing is a process of reading the
copy out loud over and over and over
again and what I do is I actually take
this copy and I put it in like 11 labs
and I'll hear the AI read it out loud
and what you'll notice is there going to
be there's going to be specific parts of
that ad that just don't really flow very
well and so I would repeat this process
like three to five times read it out
loud have ai read it out loud to you and
you'll be able to pick out a few points
that the copy isn't really as as smooth
as you want it to be the copy that
you're writing it should basically
represent like a slippery slide right
it's just flowing from one to the next
there's no bumps in the slide it's just
naturally flowing off the tongue that's
what you want with the chiefing process
if you guys want like a full document on
how I recommend that you Chief copy you
can just DM me the word chief on
Instagram my Instagram is @ Mark builds
Brands and I'll send you that document
for free but now that we have the full
transcript now we can move on to the
next step so at this point we have the
swipe and we wrote the script and what I
would also highly recommend you do
before we move on to the source step is
you always want to test with at least
three different hooks like I said the
hook is typically the part of the ad
that that has the most amount of power
right 90% of your success so when you're
testing ads on Facebook or on Tik Tok
you don't want to just test with one you
want to test with a minimum of three and
the biggest variable in your success of
a creative is what the hook so you want
to test with uh the same body in CTA but
with three separate Hooks and so I would
just take those three hooks that um that
get hooked gave me and makes three
separate ads for that so that when you
test you can kind of test three
different angles so now we're going to
move on to step number three which is
actually sourcing the content for this
particular ad now to actually grab the
content for the the ad right you have
the script now you just need to get the
content in place before you edit it what
I highly recommend you do is use a
combination of three different types of
content okay the first type of content
is going to be AI ugc now the reason I
say AI is because it's super super cheap
and you can basically tell AI to speak
whatever you want out loud to you and if
you use the right tool there's basically
no distinguishment between the AI Avatar
in a real Avatar and even if there is
you know you're kind of like oh I can
kind of tell it's AI that doesn't mean
that you shouldn't test it I see a lot
of ads right now that are running with
AI avatars that are scaling like crazy
that you can tell like if you look close
enough you can tell okay obviously that
that's AI so don't immediately discredit
it because it doesn't look one toone
human still test it and if you're really
really worried you can simply go to
Fiverr instead and just hire somebody to
speak your script out loud and pay for
ugc content and it'll maybe cost you
like I don't know 50 to 100 bucks per
script it's very very cheap but it also
depends on how long the script is itself
the second type of content you want to
use is going to be b-roll now b-roll is
basically uh copyright free content that
is going to go in between the AI ugc
that you already created so my favorite
place to go to to get this Boll content
is grid bank now full transparency I
have no relationship with these guys I
just like their their platform and I
think you can get a lot of really good
content from it and so you can search
this this platform for example for in
this case like we're running skincare
products you can just search like
skincare for example and immediately you
have all these pieces of content that
you can use completely free copyright
free and you know it's it's not super
expensive right it's just something that
you have an unlimited access to your
other option for the b-roll is to Simply
search on internet for for copyright
free b-roll that you can use in your ad
so that's going to be the second type of
content that you can source and then the
third and final piece of content that
you want to have in your ad is going to
be actual product b-roll so this is
going to be uh content that is actually
with the product like people holding the
product filming with the product and
typically what you can do is you can
Source this on the internet just make
sure that you have the permission to use
the content or same concept is above you
can just ship the product to somebody on
Fiverr and they can film all types of
content with it now this is always the
the method that I recommend people start
with because like I said one of the
first rules that I said in this video is
you don't want to rip [__] you don't
want to rip people's ads because number
one I believe that anything that you do
in the world is going to come back to
you right the universe is a mirror
reflection and whatever you put out is
exactly what you're going to get back so
if you rip somebody they're going to
come and rip you and typically it's just
a zero some game like you're not going
to end up in a good spot so I always
recommend going the route of custom
content typically from scratch and as
you can see like you can do it for very
cheap all of this will cost you at you
know Max like 1 to 300 bucks to get your
first ad test done plus often times what
works really really well is you just
order the product yourself and fill up
some content with it I mean the amount
of tools that you can do this with is
insane but just go to Amazon buy the
unbranded version of the product and
take photos take videos have your family
take photos and videos and you can get
all that done for basically nothing all
you need to do is have an iPhone with a
reasonably good camera and you can make
all this content yourself now one other
thing if you guys were wondering what AI
ugc service to use this is another thing
that we recently built in to get hooked
so what you can do if you navigate over
to the left here you can select ugc AI
video and what you can do is you hit
generate new AI video up at the top and
you can follow this process step by step
you're going to paste in your script
you're going to paste in any content
that you have and it's literally going
to put together the full ad for you now
in my experience it's not going to get
the ad to like 100% like it's ready to
throw in the ads manager and start
scaling but what I would do is just get
the Raw AI ugc content so you can piece
it together in the exact way that you
want you can edit the clips yourself or
send it to an editor but this is a
fantastic tool in order to get the AI
UVC content so that you can put together
the best ad possible all right back to
our list here we now have the swipe we
have the script we have the source
content all that's left at this point is
to Simply edit all the content together
now with this step there's really two
options right you can go the free route
in which case I would recommend
downloading cap cut for desktop and you
can piece together all this content
yourself just keep keep in mind you want
to model what's already working so I
would go back to that swipe that we
saved look at the specific uh clips that
they're using in order to put together
the content and model it I'm not saying
swipe at one to one but model it right
take the philosophy take the why why is
that specific uh you know clip
converting why is this particular style
of AD text converting and you want to
use that when it comes to creating your
ad now what I like to do because you
know obviously I'm not going to spend my
time editing ads I have a team to do it
for me is I'll have my team do it but
obviously I know a lot of people
watching this video you don't have a
team yet and that's okay if you want to
go the paid route however same concept
as normal you can just gather all gather
the script gather all all the b-roll all
the sort content that you have and just
go to Fiverr and find somebody to do
this for you for like 100 bucks so you
can simply go to Fiverr search something
like Drop Shipping video ad and what I
would highly recommend as you can see a
lot of the ads that you see on this
screen here just that they use as
example they're so super spammy and
they're probably just going to Source
content themselves I would vow to just
try to find a good editor period I
really believe that right now the more
minimalistic ads and actually less
edited ads are the ones that are
performing best so the closer that you
can get to that raw content just with
some basic cuts and captions that's a
fantastic place to start you don't have
to go overboard with the editing like
these emojis and [__] like this is super
super old in like 2018 type Drop
Shipping videos it's not what I'd
recommend keep it simple okay you want
to have a really you a really good
script which you already wrote you want
to have a really good scroll stop that
first video that you're using it
shouldn't just be like shocking to the
point where you're just sucked in to
continue watching it and then have some
AI voice over it's really as simple as
that and so now guys what I'm going to
do is a special treat I'm actually going
to send this script here that we wrote
together inside of get hooked I'm going
to send this to my team along with the
source content that I found for this
particular product and I'm going to put
together an entire ad as if I was
actually doing it myself so I'm going to
fast forward to that point and actually
show you the ultimate finished version
of this ad so that we can look at it
together how do women like Helen mirin
or Oprah maintain that Flawless glow
during menopause is it magic skin care a
secret potion or is there something
they're not telling us while many of us
are battling the pesky signs of
menopausal skin those stubborn hormonal
breakouts and uneven spots there's a
secret the fashion world's Beauty icons
have been keeping they walk the red
carpet with flawless glowing skin that
defies age how do they do it the answer
lies in a powerful yet gentle solution
designed just for women facing the
challenges of menopause introducing the
meno Beauty pore cleaner Pro this isn't
just another skincare gadget on the
market it's a breakthrough device that
uses Cutting Edge Italian pore detox
technology in Just 2 minutes a week it
clears away blackheads and white heads
and reduces those frustrating hormonal
breakouts imagine looking in the mirror
and seeing smoother skin Fine Lines
softened and pores that seem to vanish
it's like turning back the clock on your
complexion with ingredients and
Technology made for mature skin the POR
cleaner Pro doesn't irritate even if
your skin is sensitive it's like having
a personal spa treatment at home the
device comes with an acne plus lift kit
complete with special nozzles that
exfoliate brighten and Target wrinkles
plus there's an easy to follow guide
that helps you get that youthful even
complexion everyone will notice until
recently this secret was only shared
among Top Beauty experts and select
insiders but now you can achieve that
same radiant skin the pore cleaner Pro
is backed by a 90-day clear skin
guarantee and offers lifetime support
from skincare experts this means you
have nothing to lose and everything to
gain imagine your friends actions when
they see your skin glowing and Youthful
no more hiding behind makeup no more
feeling self-conscious in social
situations just pure confidence and the
joy of knowing your skin looks its best
you don't have to spend a fortune or
endure harsh treatments just a simple
effective routine with the poor cleaner
Pro and your skin will thank you and the
best part this life-changing device is
surprisingly affordable I got mine at a
great deal and if it didn't live up to
the hype I could return it within 90
days no questions asked my only regret
not discovering it sooner don't wait to
reclaim your your Skin's natural beauty
and confidence don't let skincare myths
and overpriced treatments drain your
wallet transform your skin with the meno
Beauty por cleaner Pro the ultimate
solution for radiant youthful skin
during menopause get your kit today and
that's basically it at this point you
have the full ad put together and all
you had to do is use this awesome
software that I built I know it's a
Shameless plug but this makes the entire
process so much easier and this is what
I'm actually doing internally in my own
businesses like I'm having my team use
this software to to find the ads to to
get the content do everything A to Z
right I would never recommend something
to you guys that I don't personally use
and I want to give you guys a special
14-day free trial so make sure if you
don't like it you know cancel it no you
know no you know no problem whatsoever
but if you want to get access just click
the first link in the description and
you can get 14 days free the final note
that I want to leave you guys with about
testing creatives is that a lot of times
it is so easy for you to you know go put
their you know all this work of finding
the ad swiping it writing the script
putting together the editing and
actually testing the ad and then guess
what it doesn't work and I'm here to
tell you it's all part of the process
it's part of the game and that's why you
can use tools like get hooked just
increase the volume of creatives that
you're actually testing because yes
you're one product away from completely
changing your life but you're also one
creative away you're one ad away that's
why my whole Credo is run more ads all
it takes is one ad to change your life
so even if you do a test you want to do
what right even if you lose money you're
not really losing money cuz you're
buying data okay so run the ads get the
data and then make adjustments maybe one
angle is converting better than another
and so you double down on that angle and
create some new Hooks and variations
based off the angle that was proven to
convert based off of the ad data that
you spent I hope you guys really enjoyed
this video if you have any questions
about this process just drop them in the
comments I'll do my best to answer just
about every single comment that I can I
did my best to make this video as
valuable as possible so whatever
question you have just drop them below
get your get hook trial first link in
the description other than that guys
I'll see you in the next video